TELCODOCS-1070: Ensure that the Console plugin  is set to Enable. (#53329)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/eco-node-health-check-operator-installation-web-console.adoc

. In the {product-title} web console, navigate to *Operators* -> *OperatorHub*.
. Search for the Node Health Check Operator, then click *Install*.
. Keep the default selection of *Installation mode* and *namespace* to ensure that the Operator will be installed to the `openshift-operators` namespace.

> . Ensure that the *Console plugin* is set to `Enable`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Ensure that the *Console plug-in* is set to `Enable`.
```
